T-SHIRT
Our t-shirts are made from ring-spun, long-staple organic cotton that's ethically sourced from member farms of local organic cotton cooperatives. Original artwork is screen-printed using PVC- and phthalate-free inks. Features crew-neck styling, shoulder-to-shoulder taping, and a buttery soft feel. Machine-wash warm, tumble-dry low.

HAT

Cheer the team on in style with our unstructured, low crown, six-panel baseball cap made of 100% organic cotton twill. Featuring our original Big Star Collectibles artwork, screen-printed with PVC- and phthalate-free inks. Complete with matching sewn ventilation eyelets, and adjustable fabric closure.

APRON

Everyone’s a chef in our eco-friendly apron made from 55% organic cotton and 45% recycled polyester. Showcasing your favorite Big Star Collectibles design, the apron is screen-printed in PVC- and phthalate-free inks. Apron measures 24 inches wide by 30 inches long and is easily adjustable around the neck and waist with one continuous strap. Machine-wash warm, tumble-dry low.

MUG

Enjoy your morning coffee or tea in the company of your favorite Big Star Collectible character. Our strong ceramic mug, with its comfortable D-shaped handle, is microwave and dishwasher safe, and available in one size: 11 oz (3.2” diameter x 3.8” h).

TRADING CARDS

Big Star Collectibles trading cards are the cornerstone of our enterprise, and are, by far, the most sought-after of our products. Our deluxe, limited-edition trading cards are printed on our proprietary, textured, triple-layer organic stock. After printing, all cards are silk laminated to better preserve the cards and to best showcase its character and copy. In addition, each of our cards is encased in an acid-free rigid card sleeve to further protect it from UV rays, moisture, and handling. 

FRAMED ARTWORK

It’s the perfect gift for that one in your life who loves Big Star Collectibles characters—including you! (We highly encourage fans of our products to buy something incredible for their incredible selves.) Our framed artwork is hand-printed on our proprietary triple-layer organic, acid-free cotton stock, and shipped ready to hang in one of our in-house hand-made frames. 

NOTEBOOK

Whether you love to write poems in cursive with a fountain pen, sketch with a pencil, or write notes for your next novel with a ballpoint, our notebooks are great accompaniments to your day-to-day work and play. Available with lined, graph, or blank pages, our lay-flat notebooks are made with curl-resistant ever-so-slightly textured smudge-proof paper that’s ideal for your ideas and creations. 

POSTER

What’s better than a Big Star Collectibles character? A Big Star Collectibles character poster! Here’s your chance to get a 11" x 17" small poster, 18" x 24" medium poster, and a 24" x 36" large poster depicting a favorite character, perfect for a dorm room or den. Printed on heavy satin photo paper to bring out the best and brightest colors. Shipped rolled, unless framed.

TOTE

Our Big Star Collectibles tote is as versatile as it is cool. Made from fabric created from recycled plastic, the tote combines sustainability, beauty, and strength. Use as a reusable shopping bag at the farmers market, as a heavy-duty tote for business and play, and as a unique and useful fashion item. 

THROW PILLOW

Unlike other throw pillows out there, Big Star Collectibles throw pillows are actually meant to be thrown! If you want to throw them, that is. Constructed of our own organic cotton weave, the pillows are stuffed with organic Kapok fibers harvested in April and May in Hawaii when the fruits mature and fall from the trees. 10 percent of each sale is donated to Hawaii’s botanical gardens.

MAGNET
Get stuck on this! Our magnets are made from ferrite bound together by the rubber from recycled tires. They are happiest when attached to the usual places: refrigerators, lockers, car bumpers, mailboxes, and old cast iron bathtubs. 
