BINARYVILLE
On the edge of the world stands the progressive town of Binaryville, where technology is a way of life. The robots who live, work, and play in Binaryville learn from an early age that magic is made simply by combining 0's and 1's. For the Binaryville robots, every waking thought and every sleeping dream is consumed with unique permutations… and endless possibilities.
Fred: It’s All 0’s and 1’s to Me!
Perhaps nothing rings truer in Binaryville than this favorite phrase of the locales. Fred robot, encircled in binary digits, proudly beams out from behind these words of wisdom.



Delores: I Compute, Therefore I Am
Wide-eyed and grinning, Dolores robot shares the secret to a successful life, with her unique take on the famous Descartes quote. Ah, words to compute by, Dolores!


Bubbles: A Gumball for Your Thoughts
Always the visionary, Bubbles robot extends her big heart (and generous bubble gum collection) to encourage the sharing of ideas.



Rex: Great Microcontrollers Think Alike
After all, Rex robot would know. His chip can be traced to a long lineage of great microcontrollers and microprocessors including the PIC16C84, WD1402A, SPARC, TA2020, and the MC68000.

LIL’ MONSTERS
There’s not one of the Lil’ Monsters that intentionally try to scare anyone. From the founding of their community, they unanimously agreed that there was no reason for scaring anyone just because  other monsters do. Of course, they aren’t perfect and occasionally evoke an “Eek!!” anyway. Still, all Lil’ Monsters are embraced and celebrated no matter how many eyes, horns, heads, hands, or spikes they have. 
Mingle: Two heads are better than one.
We love this, except for one thing: Mingle forgets to mention that your measure of success with more than one head totally depends on who the other head belongs to.

Blade: I’ve got my eye on you!
Besides Blade's skill in developing apps, he is a connoisseur of beauty and a master of intrigue. If he has his eye on you, the odds are that you should consider it an honor. 

Melville: Set your sights high.
Melville is an avid hiker and sets his sights high both literally and figuratively. He can often be overheard telling young monsters “Don’t ever stop climbing, and don’t ever stop learning.” 

Yodel: Sing and the world sings with you.
No one can belt a tune like Yodel! Or yodel like Yodel, for that matter. Let your voice be heard, even if you’re the only one listening. 



STARGAZERS
The Stargazers are members of an intergalactic alliance paving the way for peace and benevolence among all species. They are known for their enthusiasm for science, for their love of fun, and their dedication to education. They each share a love of travel, especially guiding others in the alliance in tours of their home galaxies. All enjoy exchanging folklore and histories of each, as well as trying one another’s mode of transport and favorite foods. 
Trisaphron: Take me to your leader!
Trisaphron already knows that you’re the leader, but because it’s proper protocol, he feels the distinct need to demand this of you (politely, of course).

Mindigo: You make my wheels spin.
Mindigo is always forging ahead looking for ways to make travel and transportation more efficient and eco-friendly. If you get Mindigo to spin her wheels, you’re quite the charmer.

Gill: Be your own fish. Swim upstream.
Even as a small fry, Gill was an inspiration to those around him. He’s always swimming outside the box and flipping norms on their head. Be like Gill.

Charmaine: I love you to the moon and back!
Charmaine is a hard-working paleontologist with a heart of gold. While fossils are her first love, love is by far her second.


TECHNIVORES (TECH HEROES)
Out of the world’s densest forests, driest deserts, and deepest rivers and lakes, come the mighty Technivores (Tech Heroes) – animals with attitude and an array of dazzling tech superpowers! No code, server, or security problems are too much for this band of furry, scaled, winged, and flippered superheroes. If you’ve got a computer problem, look no further. The Technivores have you covered! But be warned, their animal magnetism will forever capture your heart. 
Hildegard the Brown Bear (Caped Coder): Saving the world from bad code.
Hildegard, with her generous heart and sage advice, is the mother bear to all the animals in the forest. When not actively counselling her community of wild misfits, she masquerades as the Caped Coder, saving the world from bad code.
Ernest the Beaver (The ArchiTech): Able to destroy malware in a single byte.
Computer security gnawing at you? Sounds like a job for The ArchiTech! This clever beaver will build a fortress of security around your computer system as meticulously as he builds dams. 
Owen the Owl (CloudMaster): My head is in the cloud.
Owen, also known as the "CloudMaster," soars above the technological skies offering cloud infrastructure support wherever it's needed. Owen also excels at standup comedy and is considered by many to be a real hoot.
Zoom the Tortoise (Commander Zoom): 100% mobile-optimized.
Commander Zoom is the Technivores' foremost expert on mobile development and advocates for mobile-optimization and responsive design at every opportunity. Commander Zoom is known for doing flybys and air stunts just for fun.
